insiders love to sell at the top you've
seen it before and we only know that in
time when we start looking back in the
rear view mirror right now there's some
signals you need to know you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you in today's video I'm going to show
you both the Insiders and the hedge
funds selling off like crazy does that
necessarily mean that there's a crash
coming over here and this is going to be
the end of it all or does it really mean
that they are starting to take advantage
of of these price increases and want to
be able to take some of that and put it
elsewhere for some it really begs the
question of why this is happening in the
first place once we know that then we
could start answering those questions as
you see right here the economist how
high can markets go and Northman Trader
says finally a sell signal well we've
been looking at all of this all along
and you have seen the markets going
absolutely wild well how's the economy
doing what's happening with inflation
what's going on with jobs all of these
things based on the statistics that are
provided to us by the government things
are looking pretty good if you compare
it to what's happening across the world
looking at the US things seem pretty
normal pretty stable they're telling us
that the GDP is growing they're telling
us that unemployment is record low and
so the markets say hey if we're going to
get a recess at all it's going to be
mild it's going to be shallow so we
don't have to worry and so more and more
money is pouring into the stock market
the problem here is that it's very
concentrated and so it's not a true bull
market in the sense that it's it's
healthy and so on it has been showing
itself to be rather um weak in the sense
of breadth and so we got to pay
attention to that looking at the data
and by the way if you want to know when
insiders are selling I have a video on
my channel that breaks it all down when
they buy when they sell and everything
that they do so you can go to the
playlist section of my channel and
you'll see it there okay I think it's
labeled something like how to find out
when insiders like Jeff Bezos are
selling the great Cash Out Jeff Bezos
Leon black Jamie demon and the Walton
family have now sold a combined 11
billion in companies stock this month
some for the first time so I've been
covering this a little while ago um just
showing you the updates as they come
through and you'll see that for yourself
just some numbers in here basically it's
a lot even based on you know their
standards of them being wealthy and so
on I know some people would say ah you
know what the they're so wealthy and it
doesn't mean anything they sell off a
billion they sell off a 100 million it's
nothing it is in many sense of the word
it's in a historical context it's it's a
lot if you look at it you know in the
case of uh J JP Morgan it's just the
first time ever I mean these things here
we have to start paying attention to as
I've said though it's not necessarily
the case where these guys are saying I
need to head for the exits because you
know I got to go in my my bunker no
that's not what we're saying here you
got to understand that they're taking
advantage of the rise they're not saying
I'm going to ride this thing until I can
retire they don't need to do that they
already have a lot of cash and so
they're going to take that to put it
into something that hasn't appreciated
as much they might be putting it into
Farmland they might be putting it into
buying a new home they might be putting
into a a startup so they could start to
invest in that which we do see some of
these companies doing right so keep an
eye on that as well all right so you're
looking at the totals and yes Jeff Bezos
obvious L selling a lot of that 8.5
billion this month
Alone um they're going to make some
claims about why they're doing this and
that and yeah it's uh all due to taking
advantage of taxes and okay we get that
but it's not just the Insiders that are
selling hedge funds are dumping tech
stocks at the quickest pce in seven
months after piling in ahead of nvidia's
wild earnings report so they take
advantage by the r
sell the news and a lot of people are
talking about Bitcoin as well suggesting
that all right the having coming up very
soon and so there's this frenzy that's
going on bitcoin rallies over
60,000 but when the having occurs let's
say it's at 65 maybe it's at 70 who
knows that might be an opportunity into
which a lot of these players start to
sell okay not not the big Believers in
Bitcoin not those
people but some people who are simply
just trying to get in get out at the
right time they'll put that money into
tether so we know if the price starts to
come down and you see the market cap of
things like tether going up well then we
know exactly what happened they were
simply taking advantage of that price um
at the time all right so hedge funds
they're going to move you're going to
see this week to week to week
everything's going to change however
just looking at it the pace at which
they're doing this it's it's going on
now why well because the stock you know
the the market had moved up so fast and
they're taking advantage there's no
question about that when when we look at
hedge funds that's obvious Goldman CEO
warns against overconfidence about a US
soft Landing David Solomon strikes and
more cautious tone about the economy
setting uncertainty on inflation and
geopolitical risks so we don't know
what's going to happen we're being told
over and over again that hey
everything's fine you don't need to
worry because we got this well the
Federal Reserve has made it very clear
that there are some of the risks out
there but we're going to do everything
we can we'll contain them and so on and
so forth uh I don't know what's going to
happen in terms of the potential
geopolitical risks that could unravel at
any moment although we have two what I
would consider major Wars taking place
and still nothing not even oil oil
hasn't even you know performed as a
result of this so you know how do we
make these markets move the vix just
keeps dropping lower and lower and lower
apparently volatility is not a thing
anymore okay and then we look at this
just individuals you'll see this all the
time this is Apollo Global's Chief
Economist saying no more rate cuts for
2024 okay that that was going to happen
but no it's all gone well he said that
the Federal Reserve w will not cut rates
this year and rates are going to stay
higher for longer emitted Resurgence in
growth and stubborn inflation
pressures look Nobody Knows the future
but the expectation as of now is that
there's going to be a lot less than what
they thought December or even early
January they were saying at one point
seven rate cuts for 2024 now they're
saying uh it's probably more like three
rate cuts and some people
uh are saying absolutely none this year
we'll see I'll tell you though who is
saying it is uh even people in the FED
even people in the FED are starting to
say and voting members of the FED are
starting to say we are ready to cut
interest rates in 2024 just not yet look
at this article this is dealing with
Canada but the exact same thing
inflation's down so where are the
interest rate Cuts that's right because
they're so heavily Reliant real estate
everything is
so so heavily reliant on what happens
with interest rates they need them to
come lower and quite frankly it doesn't
look like that's going to be the case
anytime soon at least not you know in
these next couple months so you got to
plan accordingly get your stuff in order
just thinking even if they cut tomorrow
what's that going to mean it's still
going to mean that interest rates are
elevated based on where they were and
had been from you know basically since
the financial crisis other than a short
period where they went up a little bit
but you got to keep that in mind as as
you know the demand is clearly there for
Real Estate Investors are jumping in
everybody wants in oh a home is built or
a Home comes up in an area if it's not a
person it's an investor it's a builder
they want to get in on that they're not
going to make the profit that they did
before but they're certainly going to
give it to go at least that's what I've
been seeing myself if you want to know
the ins and outs the depths of all these
things I talk about this for two hours
every single Friday I got new people
just joined happy to have each and every
one of you I have been improving this
and tweaking it and molding it ever
since the beginning and it's getting
better and better and I want to thank
all of you for being in that group the
finance Friday crew hello shout outs to
you don't forget get to hit that thumbs
up button on the way out if you want to
check out Finance Friday or the business
live for Sunday classes hit that link in
the description I want to thank you for
being here each and every day I'll see
you tomorrow take care